You already know the four steps
inside the autocorrect model, so
it's time to look at each step in detail.
You'll be implementing each of these
steps in this week's assignments.
Step 1, identify a misspelled word.
When the string deah is encountered,
how do you know it's a misspelled word?
Well, if it's spelled correctly,
you'll find it in a dictionary, if not,
then it's probably a misspelled word.
If a word is not given in a dictionary,
flag it for correction.
Recall that you're not searching for
contextual errors, just spelling errors.
There are much more sophisticated
techniques for identifying words that
are probably incorrect by looking
at the word surrounding them,
some of which you will
visit later in the course.
But for now, quickly identifying
a word as incorrect by its apparent
misspelling is a simple yet
powerful model that works well.
So words like deer will pass
through this filter just fine,
as it is spelled correctly,
regardless of how the context may seem.
Step 2, find strings that are one, two,
three, or any number n edit distance away.
When saying n edit distance,
I'm referring to an edit distance of n,
such as at the distance of one,
at a distance of two, and so on.
An edit is a type of operation
performed on a string to change it into
another string.
And edit distance counts the number of
these are operations, so that the n edit
distance tells you how many operations
away one string is from another.
Now consider an insert operation,
for example.
This is a type of edit that adds
a letter to a string in any position.
For example, starting with the word to,
insert a p at the end and
you get top, or
insert w in the middle and you get two.
A delete operation removes a letter.
For example, start with the word hat,
delete t from the end and
you get ha, or
delete a from the front and you get at.
Or delete a from the middle and
you get the string ht.
A switch edit swaps two adjacent letters,
for example, the string eta.
Switch t and a and you get eat,
or switch e and t and get tea.
Notice that you are switching two
letters that are next to each other.
So this does not include switching two
letters that are not next to each other,
such as switching the e and
the a to make ate.
A replace edit changes one letter to
another, for example the word jaw.
Change w to r and you get jar, or
change j to p and you get paw.
So using the four edits,
insert, delete, switch, and
replace, you can modify any string.
And by combining these edits,
you can find a list of all possible
strings that are n edits away.
For autocorrect,
n is usually one to three edits.
You'll implement each of these edits in
this week's programming exercise, and
combine edits to get a list of two edit
distances from the original input string.
Now Step 3, filter candidates.
Notice how many of the strings that are
generated do not look like actual words.
To filter these strings and keep ones that
are real words, you only want to consider
real and correctly spelled words
from your candidate lists.
So again, compare it to a known dictionary
or vocabulary, just like in Step 1.
This time, if the string does
not appear in the dictionary,
remove it from the list of candidates.
When you're left with a list of actual
words only, then that is good progress.
That's the first three steps of
building the autocorrect model.
In the next lesson,
you'll see the fourth and final step.